The VISN chief supply chain officer
works with clinical groups to meet patient care needs
while seeking ways to achieve supply chain goals
such as assisting with the formulation
of VHA/SCM policies and procedures.
Other responsibilities include establishing communication
with VA medical facilities to effectively implement
SCM policy, reporting, training,
and operational requirements, as well as assessing
inventory management programs at VISN medical facilities
through quality control review once per fiscal year.
Additional duties include insuring compliance
with established VA and VHA directives,
handbooks, memoranda, notices, and managing
supply chain data in coordination with the facility
chief logistics officer, or FCLO.